[Keyboard] add itstleo9 (#21460)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/itstleo9/readme.md

> # itstleo/handwired/it9_rp2040

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# itstleo9
```

Handwired 3x3 macropad built with Pro Micro compatible microcontrollers

* Keyboard Maintainer: [ItsTLeo](https://github.com/ItsTLeo)

> * Hardware Supported: RP2040, Promicro ATmega32u4
> * Hardware Availability: [RP2040](https://aliexpress.com/item/1005005616524430.html?gatewayAdapt=glo2vnm),
>                          [Promicro](https://aliexpress.com/item/32888212119.html)

Reviewer: Also, neither of these links seem to work..
```suggestion
* Hardware Supported: RP2040/ATmega32U4 Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [RP2040](https://aliexpress.com/item/1005005616524430.html), [ATmega32U4](https://aliexpress.com/item/32888212119.html)
```

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make itstleo/itstleo9:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make itstleo/itstleo9:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make handwired/itstleo9/promicro:default
    make handwired/itstleo9/rp2040:default
    
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make handwired/itstleo9/promicro:default:flash
    make handwired/itstleo9/rp2040:default:flash
```

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs). Dont know how to make a handwire keyboard, check it out [SkottoKeebs handwire tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjml-K-pV4E&pp=ygUTaGFuZHdpcmUgYSBtYWNyb3BhZA%3D%3D)

## Matrix pin (RP2040 ver)

*    **cols** :     GP10  ,  GP11   ,  GP12
*    **rows** :     GP21  ,  GP20   ,  GP19

## Matrix pin (Promicro ver)

*    **cols** :     D1  ,  D0   ,  D4
*    **rows** :     F4  ,  F5   ,  F6

> ## Firmware flash (for RP2040)
> 
> When entered the bootloader mode, drag the .uf2 firmware into bootloader folder, wait a little bit and its all set, start using our new macropad
> 
> ## Bootloader RP2040
> 
> Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:
> 
> * **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
> * **Physical reset button**: **Hold boot button** and press **rst button** 2 time, when it's appear the folder of rp2040 you entered the bootloader mode
> * **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
> 
> ## Bootloader Promicro
> 
> Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:
> 
> * **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
> * **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
> * **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (top left key) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Double-press reset button
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
